Tweaks the Engineering Manager description (#85)
OctopusDeploy/People: Engineering-Management.md

I encompass all of the qualities listed in the L4 Engineering Manager definition, and I build on them in the following ways.

### :triangular_flag_on_post: Leadership
> I am able to independently identify and tackle projects that solve open-ended, ambiguous problems that are often beyond the scope of my immediate team.

> - I am effective at influencing outcomes across multiple teams and with cross-functional partners, often requiring managing ambiguity, making difficult tradeoffs, and encouragin healthy conflict.

Author: Like

> - I am effective at influencing outcomes across multiple teams and with cross-functional partners, often requiring managing ambiguity, making difficult tradeoffs, and encouragin healthy conflict.

Author: ```suggestion
- I am effective at influencing outcomes across multiple teams and with cross-functional partners. This often requires me to manage ambiguity, make difficult tradeoffs, and encourage healthy conflict.
```
